### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL, also known as Postgres, is a free and open-source relational database management system emphasizing extensibility and SQL compliance. It was originally named POSTGRES, referring to its origins as a successor to the Ingres database developed at the University of California, Berkeley. 

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL server is a database management system which is mainly used for e-commerce and providing different data warehousing solutions. PostgreSQL is an advanced version of SQL which provides support to different functions of SQL like foreign keys, subqueries, triggers, and different user-defined types and functions.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  First, launch the psql program and connect to the PostgreSQL Database Server using the postgres user: 
  Second, enter all the information such as Server, Database, Port, Username, and Password.

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  The main difference between `WHERE` and `HAVING` clause comes when used together with GROUP BY clause, In that case `WHERE` is used to filter rows before grouping and `HAVING` is used to exclude records after grouping. You can even use `WHERE` clause without HAVING or GROUP BY, as you have seen it many times.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  `Joins` in SQL are used to combine the contents of different tables. The major difference between inner and outer joins is that inner joins result in the intersection of two tables, whereas outer joins result in the union of two tables.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  The key difference between a `left outer` join, and a `right outer` join is that in a left outer join it's the table in the FROM clause whose all rows are returned. Whereas, in a `right outer`join we are returning all rows from the table specified in the join clause.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  `Object-relational mapping` (ORM, O/RM, and O/R mapping tool) in computer science is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems using object-oriented programming languages. This creates, in effect, a "virtual object database" that can be used from within the programming language.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  AJAX stands for asynchronous javascript and XML so if you are using javascript to load data after the browser request has finished you are doing AJAX. REST on the other hand stands for Representational State Transfer which as Stefan Billet pointed out uses HTTP requests to transfer data.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  A `CSRF` token is a unique, secret, unpredictable value that is generated by the server-side application and transmitted to the client in such a way that it is included in a subsequent HTTP request made by the client.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  The `form. hidden_tag()` template argument generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks. All you need to do to have the form protected is include this hidden field and have the SECRET_KEY variable defined in the Flask configuration.